{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh10060\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Last time I wrote, I declared that Obama had the election in the bag, according to Intraders participating in the state electoral markets.  Since then, Obama's strength has only solidified.  For the last two weeks, Intraders have been saying Obama is the more likely candidate to win in 364 Electoral Votes worth of states.  Today, even if we give McCain every state where Intraders have Obama's chances below 80%, Obama still gets 273 votes and wins.  In other words, let McCain keep every red state even if it is 51-49.  Further, take FL (65), MO(68), NV (73), NC (58), OH (61), and VA (78) away from Obama and give it to McCain and Obama STILL wins. \
So according to Intrade's state markets there is basically no chance McCain can put together the Electoral Votes needed to win the election.   Indeed, my simulation has consistently been putting McCain's chances at well under 1%.\
\
At the time of my last column two weeks ago, the price on the Obama national contract was about 65, and it has since moved to about 85.  From a certain perspective, 99%+ seems too high for the chance of almost anything that is two weeks in the future, and you suspect something must be inconsistent.  From another perspective, the best a predictor can do is give you an answer with near certainty well in advance of the event.  Intraders in the state markets have basically no doubt.  Anyone that feels McCain will ultimately win needs to state a positi\
\
The action then, is in the question of how many electoral votes exactly will each candidate get.  Intrade has a collection of markets for that as well, and through the simulation, we can get a good picture of what the state markets have to say on the question.  A trader might look at the national price on Obama of ~85 and figure\
\
}